Below are the procedure for the Global Consent Manager usability test. It may help you understand how we conduct the test. If you have any question, feel free to ask me. Don’t forget to check Doodle every hour. Participants may sign up for it anytime.
 
@Riedel, Nathan (MU-Student) I have shown Carl the procedure on the computer. You can ask him for more details next week.
 
1． Sign in with your MU account.
2． Turn on OpenVPN
In the system tray (bottom right corner), right-click the OpenVPN icon > select “Connect”.
3． Check the IP address
Go to www.whatismyip.com or other IP check websites.
Make sure the IP address indicates Frankfort, Germany.
4． Turn on/off the plugin in Firefox
In Firefox, on top-right, click “Open menu” button > “Add-ons” > “Extensions” > find “Global Consent Manager” > click “Enable”/“Disable”.
5． Clear browsing history in Firefox
Open Firefox, on top-right, click “Open menu” button > “Options” > “Privacy & Security” > In “History” section, click “Clear History”, and make sure:
l  Time range to clear: “Everything” is selected.
l  Details: all checked
Then click “Clear Now”.
6． Clear cookies in Firefox
Open Firefox, on top-right, click “Open menu” button > “Options” > “Privacy & Security” > In “Cookies and Site Data” section, click “Clear Data” > make sure everything is checked, > click “Clear” > click “Clear Now”.
7． Delete all existing bookmarks in Firefox
Open Firefox, on top-right, click “Show sidebars” button > delete all existing bookmarks in all folders and subfolders.
8． Turn on Morae Recorder
On desktop, double click the icon “Global Consent Manager Test.mrcfg”, the test configuration is all set in Morae Recorder.
9． Start test
In Morae Recorder, click the round red button on top-right. The software will guide the user through the test. Make sure users only use the websites that are provided in the instruction of Morae Recorder.
10．           During the test
Ask questions regarding users’ browsing experience and whether they encounter any interference or distraction from any floating, pinned or pop-up windows that either are ads or ask for using cookies or privacy.
11．           After the test
Name the Morae recording file as “yyyy-mm-dd_[Participant Number]_Global Consent Manager Test_Plugin-On/Off”. For example:
l  2018-10-15_P01_Global Consent Manager Test_Plugin-On.rdg
l  2018-10-19_P10_Global Consent Manager Test_Plugin-Off.rdg
12．           Import rdg files into Morae Manager and export them as MP4 files. (Optional)
